[DEV-1959] Add a new URL to be mapped (#1168)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/three-humans-study.md

---
"nextjs-website": minor
---

> [DEV-1959] Adds a new URL to be mapped in products.ts file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new URL to be mapped in products.ts file
```
